NEXT STEP:  Creating a scheduled task

If you see a prompt at the bottom of this window which says
"More", it means that there is more text beyond what is
currently displayed.  Press the ENTER key to display more
text.

This installer can also create a scheduled task to
periodically run the repair job while your computer is
running.

Most likely, you will find that this is NOT necessary; the
once-per-boot execution which has just been set up in the
registry will probably be sufficient for most people.
However, the option is made available to those who might
want to try it.

I must caution you, however, that you might find a scheduled
task to be disruptive.  The reason for this is a consequence
of how Windows works.  When you start a program, the program
displays over top of whatever other programs you might have
open.  A required part of the gadget repair process is to
restart the gadget program after its configuration file has
been refreshed.  The result is that the gadget will be
brought to the front, just like when you launch a program
yourself.

This means that if you're doing something like watching a
movie, the gadget might steal focus and come to the front,
causing you some inconvenience.

Some measures have been taken in the task configuration to
minimize the chance of such a disruption occurring:

1.  The task only runs once per hour

2.  The task only runs if the computer has been idle for
    5 minutes.

3.  The task only runs if you have a network connection.
    (It wouldn't be of much use to restart the gadget
    unless you're online).

The most important criterion is the idle time configuration.
This prevents the task from running if you're doing
something like browsing the Web, playing a game, etc.  If,
however, you're watching a movie, it's less clear whether
the task will run.  Naturally, screen savers don't run when
you watch a movie, but it depends on how the program you're
using accomplishes this.  If it prevents your computer from
being reported as idle, the task will not run.  If, however,
its technique is to directly disable the screen saver, the
task will probably run.  You'll just have to try it to find
out.

If you choose to allow this task to be created, you can
change its settings in Task Scheduler to suit your own
preferences.  You can also delete the task at any time by
running uninstall.bat or by deleting the task from Task
Scheduler yourself.  The name of the task would be
"Win7WeatherGadgetRepairTool".

Keep in mind that you always have the option of just running
Win7WeatherGadgetRepairTool.bat yourself if the gadget
malfunctions while you're using your computer.  It depends
on how hands-off you want to be.
